“How long would Jesus need to wait
before Jehovah would make him King?”
Good, so “how do we know that Jesus
“did not become King
when he was on earth
or immediately after he was resurrected?”
Oh, uh, because he didn’t.
Well, what did Jesus
teach his disciples to pray?
Oh, um, yep—well, I know the obvious.
“Let your Kingdom come,”
implied future tense.
But how can we know for sure
what’s going on in heaven?
Maybe it would help
if we reviewed the cited scriptures here.
Before you leave, a suggestion:
Maybe if you were to study ahead of time?
I really . . .
How about no.
I’m really swamped.
I know you’re busy; we all are.
You have no clue, do you?
I have to go.
I didn’t know what to do next.
I thought she
was making our study a priority,
but maybe she wasn’t.
Exams next week—it’s do or die time.
Then I remembered 1 Corinthians 3:6
says that ‘God keeps making it grow.’
So I asked him to help Jade
and then left it with him.
Look, I need to apologize.
Forget it, you were stressed.
Yeah, but there’s more.
Inside I knew you were right;
it’s just the last thing I wanted to hear.
Stop, really.
How about I show you how I prepare?
OK.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Thank you, Jehovah.
OK.